this is so weird I like I know people
always talked about like having like all
your energy in your chest or your head
but it literally just feels like there's
something here and it feels like going
up yeah yeah in this coaching session
that happened during one of our public
q&as I'm working with somebody who's
wrestling with their authenticity how to
be authentic and how to overcome that
fear of what will happen if they are
authentic it was a great session it was
fun for me to do and I know you'll get
get a 10 out of it all right enjoy um I
thought they bring bring the hardest
problem to you the one that I don't
really expect can be
solved um okay this this voice I've had
in my head that
feels that makes me feel like I'm being
fake around basically everyone I know
yeah um and I've had that voice for a
really long time and I don't really like
it being there and doesn't really help
me cool so what makes you start off the
com conv with the fact that you don't
think it can be
changed um
because my continual experience is that
people try to like hear something I'm
going through and try to fix it and I
feel like pressure to like demonstrate
I'm being fixed really quickly and I
don't actually
feel with or fixed or anything cool I
have absolutely no interest in fixing
you it it assumes you're
broken the voice that feels like it's
fake the part of you that feels like the
whole thing is like this fake
thing how how
much like what percentage of that voice
was active when you started with I don't
think this can be
fixed
like out
of like like
90% gotcha
awesome
so what if we assume it's right what if
we assum and it's right but it's not
bad oh
man that felt like the same way it feels
like when like my own intuition is
speaking to
me
yeah
yeah I mean what what do you when the
Buddhists talk about the veil dropping
what do you think they're talking about
dropping if it's not
that I'm having a lot of weird bodies
ations great enjoy
them
um I think I still feel caught between
like when I feel that thing I
don't I think I feel just so sad and I
don't really know what to do in those
moments like it almost feels like the
honoring thing to do would be to
actually just like maybe even pause the
conversation and go away and just be
with
myself which I guess already
what what I I don't see you not being
with yourself right now what makes you
need to go away to be with
yourself because it doesn't feel like I
can be with that voice and the person in
front of me at the same
time how is it happening
now because I'm not trying to do any
work to like
manage this or like keep
this
yeah yeah that's right the resistance to
it is the thing that gives its
energy so they just don't manage
other that that would be like just
receive it's a doing that's an undoing
so it's a little it gets a little bit
weird but all you have to do is just not
resist it if the thing is a good thing
if it's like your intuition speaking if
it is you seen through the
veil what makes you resist
it like right now what if you were just
like thank
you it I feels like I don't know
for sure if I'll go through my entire
day today
meeting anyone who I'll feel connected
with if I just
receive wait
receive if I say
again I don't know that I'll like meet
anyone who will feel compatible with to
just have a conversation from the place
that I'm not trying to
manage well then that will be great news
then you then you'll find new
people but I'm I'm talking about like
right now what is it just like to thank
the the voice that's like this is all
fake it feels really [__] good yeah
yeah yeah so you you think people will
avoid you because you're feeling really
good you think people don't want to
connect with someone who's really
[__] feeling
good I don't know dude my my head feels
scrambled every time I connect with that
voice my head feels scrambled and I just
it's hard to keep things straight or
what's going on and I feel slower and I
feel like I might like like have a
second to delay between what the person
said and what I'm saying I don't know
it's just it's hard yes all that [__]
will happen until you stop trying to
listen to the until you're just
listening here
it reminds me of the kids I work with
and they like sometimes take like three
seconds to
respond yeah I've seen people when they
finally get in touch with it they can't
speak from it for like a
week but they know it's there and then
they slowly learn to speak from it
you're doing it within
seconds this is so weird I like I know
people always talked about like having
like oh your energy in your chest or
your head but it literally just feels
like there's something here and it feels
like going up yeah
yeah when on the first week of Master
Class we do an exercise where you speak
from here where you speak from here and
you speak from your
gut for this exact
reason e even now with you Joe there's
like like a nice feeling being here and
there's like a little thing that's
checking wait should we be like saying
something right now or yeah so how do
you turn towards that thing and thank
it oh thanks
just want to go back to like PR like
prial again myself or like no one hold
it against me for like taking 10 seconds
to respond and like relearn everything
from
scratch [__] them [__] them if they hold
it against
you one of the marks of big movements in
our ourselves is that we get scared that
we won't be able to relate to other
people in my journey now every time that
thought comes up I'm like oo it's going
to get
good yeah I noticed I'm not even like
wanting to like really look at you and
it's like I it actually doesn't feel bad
to do that with you
what a pleasure thank you very much